{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21660\viewh16200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 From A to B\
Devices: Roller Conveyor (4m) 1 (V) / Roller Conveyor (6m)\
0 (V)\
Sensor: Laser Interrupt\
Note: Though the scene is relatively simple, an attacker could\
manipulate the speed of the conveyor to enact unsafe conditions\
for the transported materials or surrounding workers.\
Additionally, if the conveyor speed was rapidly oscillated,\
that could damage the materials being transported.\
In the simulated attack, the status of the conveyor belt is\
periodically inverted. This serves to slow down progress and\
push the box past the end of the conveyor where the sensor\
would have normally stopped it.\
\
\
From A to B Reset\
Devices: Roller Conveyor (6m) 0 (V)\
Sensor: Laser Interrupt A / Laser Interrupt B\
Note: The risks posed in this scene are nearly identical to its\
predecessor with the only difference being the presence of an\
operator accessible reset button.\
\
Filling Station (Timers)\
Devices: Discharge Valve / Fill Valve / Timer\
Sensor: Discharge Flow Meter / Fill Flow Meter\
Note: A manipulation of the fill valve could either decrease\
or increase the amount of water dispensed in a set amount of\
time. This would subvert whatever expectations the process\
engineers had about fill volume per second. In a similar\
manner, manipulating the discharge valve while filling would\
result in less volume added to the tank per second.\
In the attack, the fill valve or discharge valve are oscillated\
depending on whichever one happens to be in use. Unfortunately\
the scene uses the tank station in "Digital" mode\
rather than "Analog" mode, so water level data is unavailable.\
The view of the scene demonstrates that water becomes quite\
turbulent when under attack.\
\
Queue system\
Devices: Entry conveyor / Buffer conveyor /\
Sensor: Item ready (Laser) /At entry (Laser) / At exit (Laser)\
Note: If the conveyor that sends out the queue is never turned\
on, the throughput would be completely halted. Also, if the\
queue is prematurely sent, future processes could fail.\
The attack demonstrated shows how throughput can be set\
to a halt by manipulating the state of the controller to always\
bring more boxes on.\
\
\
Assembler\
Devices: Bases conveyer / Clamp lid / Counter / Grab / Lids\
conveyer / Move X / Move Z / Pos. raise (bases) / Pos. raise\
(lids) / Remover 1 / Remover 2 / Reset light / Start light / Stop\
light\
Sensor: Base at place / Base clamped / Emergency stop / Item\
detected / Lid at place / Lid clamped / Moving X / Moving Z /\
Part leaving (Laser) / Pos. at limit (bases) / Pos. at limit (lids)\
Note: If the assembler arm is not driven the complete distance,\
then the assembled product would be misaligned and incorrect.\
Otherwise, if the stop blade is not used, the individual\
components would continue on before being assembled. Also\
the wrong exit conveyor would be used which could result in\
processes being overloaded.\
The attack controls the "Bases Conveyor" to always move.\
This causes a backup of materials and several Bases move\
from the assembler per cycle.\
\
\
Assembler Analog\
Devices: Assembler Analog / Lids conveyor 1 /Lids conveyor\
2 /Stop blade 1 / Bases conveyor 1 /Bases conveyor 2 /Stop\
blade 2 / Set X /Set Z /Grab /Counter\
Sensor: Lid at place (Laser) /Base at place (Laser) / Part leaving\
(Laser) / Item detected (Laser) / X Position / Z Position\
Note: This scene uses PIDs which make it susceptible to\
manipulation of the controller\'92s setpoint and parameters. By\
increasing the integral parameter, the arm would overshoot\
and either cause damage to the frame or stall the motor out.\
Stalling the motor would at least cause overheat and at worst\
destroy the windings. Slight manipulation of the setpoint\
would result in improper assembly of the product.\
In the attack demonstrated, the setpoint of the arm\'92s "X"\
control was manipulated to have a leftward drift when the arm\
was moving downwards. This means as the arm extended\
to pick up or drop off a component, the arm would end up\
slightly left of intended. This attack was not prevented by the\
scene\'92s control logic as the starting x (at the top of the Z) was\
not affected and the arm still extended to the bottom of its Z\
range.\
\
\
AutomatedWarehouse\
Devices: Entry Conveyor / Load Conveyor / Forks Left / Lift\
/ Forks Right\
Sensor: Moving X / Moving Z / At Load / At Left / At Middle\
/ At Right //\
Note: By manipulating the X or Z destination values, packages\
can be misplaced. While that doesn\'92t directly affect this\
scene, future processes that use materials retrieved by this\
warehouse could be hampered. In general, lowering the speed\
of conveyors can lower the throughput of the system.\
The attack changes the destination randomly which will\
cause disorganization and potential collisions.\
\
\
Buffer Station\
Devices: Buffer conveyor /Exit conveyor /Stop blade\
Sensor: At buffer exit / At exit / Buffer Vel.\
Note: By reducing the timing between items being sent out,\
the buffer station\'92s purpose can be subverted. This is because\
the distance between output items will be reduced. By reducing\
the conveyor speed, the general throughput of the system\
can be lowered. If there is a limit to how fast the materials can\
be transported, raising the conveyor speed above that would\
have negative effects\
The attack raises the stop blade before the box is completely\
clear of its path cause potential severe damage to the product.\
\
\
Converge Station\
Devices: Conveyor 1 / Conveyor 2 /Load 1 / Transfer left 1 /\
Load 2 / Transfer left 2 /Exit conveyor\
Sensor: At entry 2 / At transfer 2 / At entry 1 / At transfer 1 /\
At exit\
Note: By mistiming the pushers, the wrong materials can be\
sent to the wrong output channels. By deploying both pushers\
at once, all throughput can be stopped.\
The attack will keep the entry conveyors enabled constantly.\
This will eventually lead to a complete jam of operations seen\
below.\
\
\
Elevator (Advanced)\
Devices: Entry conveyor / Exit conveyor / Load left / Load\
right / Left up / Left slow / Left down / Right up / Right slow\
/ Right down / Conveyor 0 / Conveyor 1 / Conveyor 2\
Sensor: At left low 0 / At left high 0 / At left low 1 / At left\
high 1 / At left low 2 / At left high 2 / At right low 0 / At right\
high 0 / At right low 1 / At right high 1 / At right low 2 / At\
right high 2 / At entry left / At entry 0 / At entry 1 / At entry\
2 / At exit 0 / At exit 1 / At exit 2 / At exit right / At exit\
Note: By undershooting or overshooting the desired height\
of the elevator, materials can be forced to drop further than\
desired. This would cause them to undergo more force than\
originally intended.\
The attack disabled the "Slow" tag which resulted in the\
elevator overshooting many of the floors. As a consequence,\
the materials would sometimes hit the side of the bin and fall\
down the elevator shaft instead. The PLC did not detect this\
error and continued with normal operations.\
\
\
Elevator (Basic)\
Devices: Entry conveyor /Exit conveyor /Load left /Load right\
/Left up /Left slow /Left down /Right up /Right slow /Right\
down /Conveyor 0 /Conveyor 1 /Conveyor 2 /\
Sensor: At left low 0 /At left high 0 /At left low 1 /At left high\
1 /At left low 2 /At left high 2 /At right low 0 /At right high 0\
/At right low 1 /At right high 1 /At right low 2 /At right high\
2 /At entry left /At entry 0 /At entry 1 /At entry 2 /At exit 0\
/At exit 1 /At exit 2 /At exit right /At exit\
Note: The attack strategy for this scene is very similar to its\
Advanced counterpart. The elevator platforms rely on their\
"Slow" tags to reliably reach the correct altitude. By driving\
0 to these tags, the elevator will overshoot the desired height.\
When the elevator is rising, this means the platform will be\
too high for the pallet to reach it as seen below.\
\
\
Level Control\
Devices: Discharge Valve / Fill Valve / PV / Reset Light / SP\
/ Start Light / Stop Light\
Sensor: Flow Meter / Level Meter / Reset / Setpoint / Start /\
Stop\
Note: This scene uses a PID, so the clear attack strategy\
should exploit that. A weakness of the scene is that the water\
ripples when water is initially added or removed. This\
means that the PID controller can\'92t afford to oscillate around\
the setpoint otherwise the level meter data becomes useless.\
The worst of the ripples are seen when the controller rapidly\
switches between filling and discharging water. To attack this\
system, the PID\'92s I parameter is simply changed from 0 to\
0.1\
\
\
Pick and Place (Basic)\
Devices: Move Z /Move X /Grab /Entry conveyor /Exit conveyor\
/Counter\
Sensor: Moving Z /Moving X /Item detected /Item at entry\
/Item at exit\
Note: To attack this scene, the key is to cause a grabber miss.\
The arm that deploys downward to grab an item assumes one\
is already in place, but if that can be disrupted, the system\
hangs waiting for a successful grab to occur.\
To achieve this, the entry conveyor is manipulated to sometimes\
turn on when it is meant to be off.\
\
\
Pick and Place (XYZ)\
Devices: Part conveyor /Box conveyor /Exit conveyor /Grab\
/C /SP X /SP Y /SP Z /Exit yellow /Exit green\
Sensor: Part at place /Box at place /Detected /X /Y /Z /\
Note: This scene picks up items and places them on a pallet\
using a PID system for precise placement. Attacking the\
PID\'92s parameters causes catastrophic failures. Negative outcomes\
ranging from slightly misplaced items to completely\
thrown items are possible.\
\
\
Production Line\
Devices: Lids raw conveyor /Lids center (start) /Lids counter\
/Lids exit conveyor 1 /Lids exit conveyor 2 /Bases raw conveyor\
/Bases center (start) /Bases counter /Bases exit conveyor\
1 /Bases exit conveyor 2 /Exit conveyor\
Sensor: Bases at entry /Bases center (busy) /Bases center (running)\
/Lids at entry /Lids center (busy) /Lids center (running)\
Note: The machinery that assembles products using raw materials\
moves at a set rate, so accelerating the raw material\
input speed can quickly lead to a pileup.\
\
\
Separating Station\
Devices: Entry conveyor 1 / Entry conveyor 2 / Pusher 1 /\
Pusher 2 / Conveyor 1 / Conveyor 2 / Conveyor 2\
Sensor: Vision sensor 1 / Vision sensor 2 / Sensor 1 / Sensor\
2 / At pusher 1 exit / At pusher 2 exit / Pusher 1 back / Pusher\
1 front / Pusher 2 back / Pusher 2 front\
Note: Much like the sorting station, the pusher arms can be\
mistimed to lead to incorrect separation or complete halting\
of operation. The attack used activated both arms at once to\
halt all movement of materials.\
Sorting by Height (Advanced)\
Devices: Feeder conveyor / Entry conveyor / Load / Unload /\
Turn / Right conveyor / Left conveyor\
Sensor: At entry / High box / Low box / At turntable entry /\
At front / At back / At right entry / At left entry / At right exit\
/ At left exit / At load position / At unload position\
Note: This scene differentiates between multiple box heights\
to send them to the right location. The system still relies on\
broken lasers to find the heighest broken laser which falls\
apart if another box is brought into the intersection before a\
decision is made. To do this, the entry conveyor was turned on\
at times it was supposed to be off. This caused a build-up of\
boxes at the intersection which prevented any decision from\
being made.\
\
\
Sorting by Height (Basic)\
Devices: Conveyor entry / Load / Transf. right / Transf. left /\
Conveyor right / Conveyor left / Counter\
Sensor: Pallet sensor / Low sensor / High sensor / Loaded /\
At right entry / At left entry\
Note: This scene only sorts based off a single cutoff height.\
Again, this scene can be exploited by driving the entry conveyor\
at off times.\
\
\
Sorting byWeight\
Devices: Entry conveyor / Load scale / Send left / Left conveyor\
/ Send forward / Front conveyor / Send right / Right\
conveyor / Weight\
Sensor: At scale entry / At scale / Weight / At scale exit / At\
left entry / At forward entry / At right entry\
Note: The materials all stop on the scale to be weighed properly,\
but if the conveyor they rest on is forced on, the materials\
could cause a pileup on the sorter or end up in the wrong destination.\
The boxes end up at the wrong destinations (boxes\
not picked up by the removers) and some are even at odd\
positions.}